content: add description and title metas (#1600)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/v3.md

layout.asideClass: 'block lg:hidden'
layout.aside: true
title: Is Nuxt3 Ready?

> description: 'Nuxt 3 is rebuilt from the ground up for the modern web. Hybrid static & server rendering, API routes and native serverless.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Nuxt3 is rebuilt from the ground up for the modern web. Hybrid static & server rendering, API routes and native serverless.'
```
